Next, we're looking at a section called the featured section when somebody visits your LinkedIn profile.
I just want to point out that the analytics and resources that you and I see on our own profile cannot
be seen by other people.
So when a potential client or another virtual assistant comes to your LinkedIn page, what will happen
is they'll see this first section with your name, your title.
And when they scroll down, they will see the featured section.
This is one of my absolute most favorite sections of LinkedIn, because the featured section allows
you to really showcase work that you're proud of, work that showcases your best skills, your talent.
It helps people get to know you a little better, and basically, it can be a portfolio of your work.
If you don't already have the featured section enabled, scroll up to the top of your profile and look
for Add Profile section.
Under the recommended subheading, you will see ad featured.
It's going to click on that, and LinkedIn will automatically add a blank featured section for you.
You'll see here I already have a couple of links loaded on mine.
I'd like to recommend that you have anywhere from three to five pieces of content that you're most proud
of and that best showcases your work.
And if you are, or when you are rather ready to upload your own content, you're simply going to hit
this plus sign.
Here we can add a native post an article, we can add a link as you'll see all of minor links.
All that means is that this content links out to a different website.
These so happen to link to my YouTube.
You can add media like photos.
Let's say you are interested in graphic design, and that's where you hope to take your virtual assistant
business.
You can head to Canva and create mockups that you think showcase your best work.
Or if you've already done work for clients, that's related.
Ask them if you can upload some of the work that you've done for them onto your LinkedIn to help spread
the word about how amazing you are.
Once you have certain things uploaded and you decide, let's just say, three six months down the road
that some of the content you uploaded today no longer serves a purpose.
Maybe you changed your skills, maybe you changed your niche.
Maybe you've just gotten better and you want to upload better work or more recent or more relevant work.
We're going to click the pencil icon, and this is where we can either delete certain things that you've
already linked to or we can edit them.
We can change the title, the descriptions, or if you hit this arrow right here, we can even reorder
the content.
So for example, if I wanted people to get to my website first, I can click on these little bars on
the right hand side and I can simply drag that content up to the top.
So that means the next time somebody looks at my featured section, the website is now the first thing
that they're going to see.
So many, many different things you can do with this section.
I do think and your homework, should you choose to accept it before you move on to the next section,
which is all about your about section, that's your summary.
I want you to choose at least one piece of content that you can upload it to the featured section.
It can be something that you've pre-written in the past.
It can be a video that you've linked to that you've created for YouTube or, heck, even your Instagram.
If you are already creating content about the benefits of a virtual assistant or you've already done
work for other clients in the past, take ownership and pride in that work and share it.
Seriously, I want you to take just 15 minute tops.
Set yourself a timer and think through just one piece of content that you can share if you're really
scrambling and you don't have anything to share right now.
Then I want you to do this.
Look through your list of skills that you intend to offer.
Now, if you're a brand new VA and you know that you want to offer graphic design, I think I mentioned
this earlier in the video, but head to Canva create a free design.
Perhaps it's a mockup of a website.
Perhaps it's a mockup of what you envision for a flyer, for certain services, for your client, sky's
the limit because you're making this up.
The point is, I want you to choose something that showcases your skills, specifically the skills that
you are trying to sell so that when clients get to your LinkedIn page, they'll have a better sense
for your type of work.
All right, so it's homework time.
Remember, if you don't have a featured section, add it to the profile and hit that plus sign and get
to creating.
Once you are done creating one piece of content for this featured section, I want you to send me a
note on LinkedIn.
Show me what you're building, and I cannot wait to see the type of stuff that you guys are coming up
with.